Trust and Compliance: Fiscal provisions (#105)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/trust/fiscal/greece.md

# Greece

{% include "warning-tax-law.md" %}

## Value-added tax (VAT)

> When selling goods and services in Greece, VAT ("Foros prostithemenis aksias", "FPA") may apply.

Reviewer: Bei Zypern haben wir griechische Schrift benutzt, also würde ich das hier auch machen
```suggestion
When selling goods and services in Greece, VAT ("Φόρος Προστιθέμενης Αξίας", "ΦΠΑ") may apply.
```
